Adding documentation for scylla specific features (#33)
scylladb/python-driver: docs/scylla_specific.rst

Scylla Specific Features
========================

Shard Awareness
---------------

> ``scylla-driver`` is shard aware and contains extensions that works with TokenAwarePolicy supported by Scylla 2.3 and onwards.
> Using this policy the driver can select a connection to a particular shard based on the shard’s token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**scylla-driver** is shard aware and contains extensions that work with TokenAwarePolicy supported by Scylla 2.3 and onwards. Using this policy, the driver can select a connection to a particular shard based on the shard's token.
```
